Rework preloading data section (#145)
cedardb/docs: content/get_started/install_with_docker.md

Reviewer: You can also drop this part. Alternatively we can now use the init files to set a password.

Author: Done

You can configure the initial user and database using environment variables, domain sockets, or secrets.

#### Environment variables

```shell
docker run --rm -p 5432:5432 \
  -e CEDAR_USER=test \
  -e CEDAR_PASSWORD=test \
  -e CEDAR_DB=db \
  cedardb/cedardb
```

This command creates a superuser `test` with password `test` and a a database named `db`.

Connect like this:

```shell
psql -h localhost -U test -d db
```

The parameters `CEDAR_USER` and `CEDAR_DB` are optional:

- If `CEDAR_USER` is not set, it defaults to `postgres`.
- If `CEDAR_DB` is not set, it defaults to the value of `CEDAR_USER`.

#### Docker secrets

CedarDB can also read credentials from files, ideal for secret management:

```shell
docker run --rm -p 5432:5432 \
  -e CEDAR_USER_FILE=/run/secrets/user_file \
  -e CEDAR_PASSWORD_FILE=/run/secrets/password_file \
  -e CEDAR_DB=/run/secrets/db_file cedardb/cedardb
```

You can manage such files using [Docker secrets](https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/secrets/).

### Initialization scripts

CedarDB supports auto-initializing a new database with SQL and shell scripts. Additionally, the docker image accepts `xz` or `gzip` compressed SQL files.

> Files in `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/` are executed or sourced during container setup. Supported file extensions are `.sh`, `.sql`, `.sql.xz` and `sql.qz`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files in `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/` are executed or sourced during container setup. Supported file extensions are `.sh`, `.sql`, `.sql.xz` and `sql.gz`.
```

#### Docker secrets

CedarDB can also read credentials from files, ideal for secret management:

```shell
docker run --rm -p 5432:5432 \
  -e CEDAR_USER_FILE=/run/secrets/user_file \
  -e CEDAR_PASSWORD_FILE=/run/secrets/password_file \
  -e CEDAR_DB=/run/secrets/db_file cedardb/cedardb
```

You can manage such files using [Docker secrets](https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/secrets/).

### Preloading data

CedarDB supports auto-initializing a new database with SQL and shell scripts. Additionally, the docker image accepts `xz`, `gzip`, or `zstd` compressed SQL files.

> Files in `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/` are executed or sourced during container setup. Supported file extensions are `.sh`, `.sql`, `.sql.gz`, `sql.xz` and `sql.zst`.

Reviewer: We might drop zstd in the near future.

```suggestion
CedarDB supports auto-initializing a new database with SQL and shell scripts. Additionally, the docker image accepts `xz` or `gzip` compressed SQL files.
Files in `/docker-entrypoint-initdb.d/` are executed or sourced during container setup. Supported file extensions are `.sh`, `.sql`, `.sql.gz`, and `sql.xz`.
```

Author: Done
